Things to work on

1. Invertible Implict Elasticity (not necessary)
2. Turning (Done)
3. Terrain (Done)
4. Antenna (Almost Done)
- Obstacle: sphere, cube, cylinder, other Millipedes (Done)
- Food (Done)
- Animate of Antenna (In Progress)

5. Output For rendering (Almost Done)
- Output Camera: first build a camera moving system

6. Modify balance net for head and sections
the height-obj should be based on the stanced leg tips' position
head's height-obj is from the neck section;

the orientation-obj(a normal) should be from the stanced leg's tip position
and prev_link. The head's orientation-obj is from the terrain's normal.

1.22 - 1.31

5. Construct different Terrains, experiment
- cylinders paved road
- spheres paved road
- Cubes paved road
- Closed Room
- Maze for Food
2.1 - 2.30

6. Build different Body Types, experiment
   Crowd Simulation: flock behavior modeling
- Multipede Robot
- Millipede
- Centipede
3.1 - 3.30

7. Try Let the millipede walk on walls, from ground to wall
optional

8. Rendering
4.1 - 4.30

9. Polishing of Paper
4.1 - 4.30


Current Issues:
1. Body not serpentine enough, body line not smooth enough, section bumping all time [SOLVED By letting body section in supported
mode when one leg is in stance mode, also by updating the keep section balanced code]
2. Legs not in wave pattern, no consideration for collision of legs, etc
[Plan to solve by applying leg relative rotation diff constraint]
[Partially Solved by restricting diff_phase with previous stance leg when entering stance mode]
Some neighboring legs would move in the same phase, not resulting in wave pattern[SOVLED]

Possible solution: When a leg enter stance, it will expect the posterior leg to enter stance soon,so that leg is expected to be at certain position,
pass this info to the posterior leg, let it adjust itself to achieve this goal soon.
This coordination will propogate from the first leg to the end
If keep the first pair of leg in synchronization, both side's leg wave will be in sync [SOLVED by keeping all legs in sync]

Linear speed of each section should affect the rotation speed of leg in swing modes(except ajusting mode): very slow linear speed result in very slow rotation speed; [SOVLED]

3. Terrain GetNormal FUnction seems wrong, generate Normal Function most likely wrong [SOVLED]

Different Parameters:

1. Body Dimension: rigid seciton vs deformable section

2. Leg Dimension; Leg rotation extreme value

3. Leg rotation speed: associated with linear speed, the association parameter

4. Section rotation speed/ linear speed in different modes

5. neighbor leg tolerance angle value

6. Antenna Length

Rendering Ideas:

Render Four Types: physics skeleton; centipede; millipede, robot
Render Scenes: 
0. Hanging and manipulating a millipede skeleton in air
[Demonstrate the physical body structure]

2. Millipede/Centipede/Robot walking over three different types of irregular terrains
[Demonstrate the locomotion model]

OPTIONAL: robot walking on snow, need Alexy's help

3. Maze composed of sphere cylinder and cubes, at the several places of the maze there are foods; 
The millipede start from the center of the maze and will sense the food, avoid obstacles, find the food, 
also get out of the maze eventually
[Demonstrate the antenna capability of sensing food and obstacle]

4. Group Behavior OPTIONAL
Simulate a group of millipedes/centipedes
Put a food source far from them, all moving towards the food source

